

Question:- Identified a problem or inefficiency in a process related to quality or development, and implemented a change to improve it

Answer:-

Problem:- Maximum the sprint stories are coming in last 2 day of the sprint 
Solution:- 
1. We have created a process in which dev will share the Dev Delivery plan on the 2nd say of sprint starts
2. QA can also plan as per the dev delivery date
3. In this case Dev and QA should already be in sync what should be delivery in the last 2 day of sprint
4. The bigger story like 8 pointer should be pick first by dev and should be deliver in the first week of sprint
5. If dev are not giving the story as per the dev delivery plan QA should highlight this in daily stand up so that 
    Scrum master is also know about this and help Dev to and QA to resolve this issue

Question:- Built or implemented new testing tools or frameworks

Answer:-
1. I have to automate a app whose fronend is build on Fluuter
2. We tried use Appium for that but with appium we are not getting the approprate locator
3. We are not able to located the element for examble by Accessibility ID, Xpath, Android UI Automator, iOS class chain
4. We can only identify some of locator based on text message
5. Our app support multiple langugae and we can't use text this is not a recommended options
6. The codebase for android and iOS is also different and it is high maintenance because of that
7. Then we find out we can automate using fluuter gherkin library
8. Flutter itself support automation 
9. We have done the POC for that and later we found out it is very fast as compare to appium
10. To find the locator there is an option to add a key in all the wizard 
11. Dev add key in all the widget and we can use them in automation to locate any element
12. The best part is the same code run for both the platform taht is android and iOS

Question:- Made changes to prevent defects from occurring or improve the quality before reaching the testing stage

Answer:-
1. We have observed that we are getting same kind of issue from dev
2. We introduce the concept of Bugs RCA where we create a finh bona analyse and focus mostly on Critical and High prioritySeverity Bugs
3. we ask the developer why this issue come and what action point you keed this in mind so that it won't comes again
4. We deep dive into bug and find out the exact issue
5. Dev wrote the action item in the same document to be follow so that we don't get such issue in future
6. In this way we have reduced our 50 % defect ratio
7. We also focus on the data like Defect leakage, Defect Density and Defect Romaval efficiency
8. We have some threshold for all these thing for example Defect Removal efficiency is how much bug has been removed 
    from the application for that release (Total defect - UAT defect)/Total defect and threshold for that should be
    > 93% for rvery release
